swampland tall massive trees throughout
the swamp provide new movement
opportunities for agile resourceful
pilots as well as intermittent cover in
tighten to tighten combat
run off combat takes place of multiple
elevations between the upper passages
the main deck and the low line drainage
canals sometimes across long sidelines
requiring pilots to develop a strong
understanding of this industrial
battleground
wargames characterized by long
transparent wall running paths and a
confined central corridor this
simulation places a premium on each
pilots ability to discover new ways to
use these strategic routes against their
foes
you